\section{Goals}
\label{sec:goals}

Our main research goal was focused around understanding the perceptions of Broadband in the Mendocino county. Mendocino is a small county located on the north coast of California. The county is noted for its distinctive Pacific Ocean coastline, Redwood forests, wine production and microbrews. Due to the remoteness of its location and sparse population, high speed internet has not penetrated this county, much to the frustration of its citizens. Most people rely on dial-up and satellite connections to access the internet, which proves to be extremely time consuming and unfavorable. Residents find it difficult, and almost impossible to carry out even simple tasks such as watching videos online due to the poor and low-speed connectivity offered by current internet providers. In addition to not providing quality service, service providers also charge an exorbitant amount for basic connectivity, because of the setup costs involved in bringing internet to such a remote area. Due to this inefficiency and poor trade-off between service quality and cost, we took the liberty of assuming that this would lead many residents to lose faith in the overall concept of internet itself and develop the feeling that they were not missing out on anything by not having internet in their lives. Hence, we undertook this research project with the broad goal of understanding how people perceive internet itself, with a specific emphasis on high speed connection services such as broadband. We wished to analyze how people used the internet, and if there were any glaring misconceptions amongst the residents about a certain aspect of internet usage or installation. We also worked towards analyzing and addressing these misconceptions through an easy-to-read educational material, that would aid residents in understanding the working and usage of the internet in a better manner. Apart from just creating the material, we also did some preliminary analysis on how best to distribute it among the residents in a manner that ensures maximum penetration through society. We attempted to enrich this material further by including inputs from interviewees as to what might be valuable to add and would create a greater impact on their society in terms of changing people’s views on misconceptions regarding broadband.

